Hello guys and welcome to this you in this video we will only work on sidebar and we will make it awesome.
OK.
So log in to your breast and read Bennell.
And good to appearance Bridget's note here we can't change over sidebar settings and settings.
OK.
We can also change the settings in this team but they're also not a lot of settings in there.
But the main settings for footer and sidebar are in here appears in widgets.
OK.
So in this video we will work on this sidebar.
Now you can see we have a lot of widgets on the sidebar resent pause.
The man goes mad.
These are not looking good.
We will remove all of these except recent post and search.
OK.
So here it is Pramer he would get edia this primary widget area is the sidebar.
And if what were we what did we want here will be appear all over the sidebar.
OK.
Right now we have Sir's Serge recent post recent Post archives archives and other men and Demetra I
can see pros and dimeter.
So this is all right sidebar and these are available widgets we can drag whatever we want here.
OK.
So let's start on the sidebar first let's remove these let's only keep search areas and post let's remove
these three.
These three are not looking good on the side bar to remove.
Just click on this and click delete.
It's gone.
So let's move this to and let's send him to Mento.
So when we click delete it automatically saves the settings.
OK.
So literally freshen see.
We only have search and recent post widgets these are these things are called Widgets.
This is such widget is a recent post.
You know we have only two widgets search and recent posts.
So let's make this decision for some.
Let's make this recent post amazing.
OK this is not looking good.
It is not featured image share and there's no post-date there is only a little text of the balls.
It is not looking good.
Jane this recent post VJ's we need a plug in.
OK we will install that again and that will make this awesome.
OK.
To install the plugin for those few guys who are new Were the press make human dork move what plugin
is.
Let me tell you what blogging is.
Blogging is then a little piece of software that is added to divert breath that adds some functionality.
For example when we are looking for recent posts it will only make this post more amazing.
You can only add some functionality to over recent posts are kept plugging.
Our little piece of software that we at overprice upset to do something to note at blogging from a recent
post.
All you need to do is be conduced plugins.
And new
here and search for everything and was extended OK.
Recentre recent post extended search searching for that plugin.
Here it is within post Vidyut extended.
This is an awesome widget I always install this widget.
Nobody can install low
screen install widget and then we will do it again connect with plugin.
Now the plugin is ready.
OK now what plugin is ready and know what we need.
Do we need to add the verdict of this plugin to the sidebar.
All we need to do to appear in widgets.
Now you will see we will have an other recent post which is OK.
OK let's see.
Is there a decent post with you that is added by their hatred of recent posts extended that Ligon added
and the widget.
OK so we are going to remove this default recent post that is not good.
OK now we are going to break this supposed extended to our Sidebar OK make sure you drag it right after
the search.
OK.
When you graduate you will see these settings about the recent post widget.
What we have a number of both to show Fyffe what you want five six seven you can change it and keep
this as it is.
OK.
What kind of post you want to see all of our Was this group composed.
We don't want to see pages in the sidebar and this is the title What title do you want for them.
Palestine is just different post.
OK.
Simple as good as it is.
So I recommend you to keep everything as it is but only thing you want between is this number of posts.
OK.
Jane you do whatever you want.
And again and then hit Save
OK saved.
Now click on this to collapse it.
No it is saved fresh and you will see you know we have a break.
Now we have a great recent post widget that have date.
It has the title of the post and it has the image of the post.
OK.
And it will show us up to five images.
No no we don't have don't have any balls.
That's why it is only showing one what it was five Borst like we said in here OK.
So now the sidebar is looking a little bit good.
OK.
So you can add more plugins you want.
We have a lot of widgets here.
Look at the archives categories.
If you want to show the character that you can add categories we have pages and read with you to show
the page on the side bar.
And these are these are created leggings or widgets that we don't want.
OK.
So no the side bar looks better.
So let's work on this for now.
OK.
And maybe a little bit.
Good.
No other footer is divided into three sections.
One section is on the left side.
One section is on the center and one section on the right side that you can see here first for rigid
area that is here on the left side.
Second area that is here on the central third for widget area there on the right side again.
And we can add plugins to these areas and we will look into this wooded area that we come here on the
left side and OK.
And we did.
So let's see what it will look what we did we'll look good on the left side.
Many I have seen many blog bloggers and they are Callander to the left side of her.
OK.
So let's add the calendar and let's see if it looks good or not practical in here and what should be
the title let's and veto battle was fresh.
Now we have a nice calendar on the left side of our future.
OK.
Looks good.
Now you can add more widgets if you want to you want to look good if you also want recent posts on the
on the center of the free you can break it here but it will all look it will not look good.
Let's let's see what else we have let's add pages.
Let's get to this one.
OK.
Want pages to appear on the center not on the left side.
Let's refresh and see what we got.
Here are our pages about this and contact us.
Can see it Biggie's this widget has a title back.
Kolender we don't have a title all right.
Let's write the title that will look good because it is all to him.
I do not see Killen or
gay fresh OK.
No it looks good calendar.
It does that add another Riegert on the right side.
On define what it should be.
A recent post extended our men.
No not you.
Let's add the categories.
What do we have.
We have a question how to add these and see GURREY
character is OK these players drop down.
Sure postone sure harlotry are stupid as drubbed of the reflash.
OK here we have categories but it's not looking good.
Let's do more.
Destructo and see if now they're looking at how and categorized certain materials we have in here held
technology multi-mission but it is only showing one let me see why it is only showing one
fresh.
Only one because we don't have any Borst in technology and what we wish on that slide.
Only showing one cause we only have one post in health and one post in Uncategorized.
OK I can see when Posten held everyone posting Uncategorized that's why it is only showing held and
categorized or kept.
When you post to acknowledge you and what others show them here.
OK so I hope guys you know got the idea how to add videos to other footer and our Sidebar.
So if you have any issue in the sideboard or just enter discussion and I will reply to you as soon as
I see that discussion OK to take you guys are watching this video I will see you in the next few.